Java Arraylist replaceAll() (#4642)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/array-list/terms/replaceAll/replaceAll.md

> ---
> Title: '.replaceAll()'
> Description: 'Replaces all occurrences of a given value in an ArrayList.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Code Foundations'
> Tags:
>   - 'Arrays'
>   - 'Data Types'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'learn-java'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: '.replaceAll()'
Description: 'Replaces all occurrences of elements in the ArrayList with a specified new value..'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Data Types'
  - 'Java'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

> The **`.replaceAll()`** method of the `ArrayList` class takes an Operator as argument and applies it to every element in the List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.replaceAll()`** method in Java is used for transforming all elements of a list according to a specified unary operation, effectively updating each element in place with the result of the operation applied to it.
```

## Syntax

> Applies `operator` to each element in ArrayList `myArrayList` and replaces the element with a new value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```pseudo

> myArrayList.replaceAll(operator);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
arrayList.replaceAll(UnaryOperator<E> operator)
```

```

> 

Reviewer: Please describe the parameters in the following format:

- `arrayList`: parameter description
- `UnaryOperator<E> operator`: parameter description

## Example

```java
import java.util.ArrayList;

public class Main {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        // Create an ArrayList for different cities
        ArrayList<String> cities = new ArrayList<>();

        // Add cities to the ArrayList
        cities.add("STOCKHOLM");
        cities.add("LONDON");
        cities.add("PARIS");
        cities.add("BERLIN");
        System.out.println("Cities in uppercase: " + cities);

        // Call replaceAll() to make every String element lowercase
        cities.replaceAll(String::toLowerCase);
        System.out.println("Updated cities in lowercase: " + cities);

    }
}
```

The output for this code would look like this:

```shell

> Cities in uppercase: 
> [STOCKHOLM, LONDON, PARIS, BERLIN]
> Updated cities in lowercase: 
> [stockholm, london, paris, berlin]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cities in uppercase: [STOCKHOLM, LONDON, PARIS, BERLIN]
Updated cities in lowercase: [stockholm, london, paris, berlin]
```

---
Title: '.replaceAll()'

> Description: 'Replaces all occurrences of a given value ArrayList.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Replaces all occurrences of a given value in an ArrayList.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'A subject name'
  - 'A second subject name'

>   - 'An nth subject name'

Reviewer 2: Two Subjects works for this entry

Tags:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Information Technology'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.replaceAll()`** method of the `ArrayList` class takes an Operator as argument and applies it to every element in the List

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `.replaceAll()` method of the `ArrayList` class takes an operator as argument and applies it to every element in the list
```

Author: Should we not keep the first replaceAll() occurence bold as per this guide? https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/style-guide.md#writing-entries.
But maybe remove the backtick?

Author: @cigar-galaxy82 See my questsion above ☝️
